Fix minor grammar mistakes and typos (#3667)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_privilege_escalation.rst

    become: true
    become_flags: logon_type=batch

>   - name: run a command and don't load the user profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - name: run a command and do not load the user profile
```
